docs: metrics view query result caching for live connectors (#9352)
rilldata/rill: docs/docs/developers/build/connectors/olap/motherduck.md

1. If you have followed the UI to create your MotherDuck connector, the token should already exist in the `.env` file. During the deployment process, this `.env` file is automatically pushed with the deployment.
2. If `motherduck_token` has already been set in your project `.env`, you can push and update these variables directly in your cloud deployment by using the `rill env push` command.

## Caching Query Results

> To reduce compute spend on dashboards with repeat traffic, see [Caching query results](/developers/build/metrics-view/underlying-model#caching-query-results) on live connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To increase performance on dashboards with repeat traffic, see [Caching query results](/developers/build/metrics-view/underlying-model#caching-query-results) on live connectors.
```
